class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 1
        height = 1
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 1
                h = 1
                image = custom-obj-1x1-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-1

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 1
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 1
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-1x2-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-2

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 2
        height = 1
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 2
                h = 1
                image = custom-obj-2x1-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-3

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 2
        height = 1
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 2
                h = 1
                image = custom-obj-2x1-2
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-4

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 2
        height = 1
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 2
                h = 1
                image = custom-obj-2x1-3
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-5

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 2
        height = 1
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 2
                h = 1
                image = custom-obj-2x1-4
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-6

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 2
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 2
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-2x2-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-7

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 3
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 3
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-3x2-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-8

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 3
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 3
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-3x2-2
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-9

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 3
        height = 3
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 3
                h = 3
                image = custom-obj-3x3-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-10

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 3
        height = 3
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 3
                h = 3
                image = custom-obj-3x3-2
            }
        ]
        underlying-map = [
            sp-triangle
            sp-block
            sp-block

            sp-block-n
            sp-triangle
            sp-block

            sp-block-n
            sp-block-n
            sp-triangle
        ]
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-11

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 3
        height = 3
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 3
                h = 3
                image = custom-obj-3x3-3
            }
        ]
        underlying-map = [
            sp-block
            sp-block
            sp-triangle
            
            sp-block
            sp-triangle
            sp-block-n

            sp-triangle
            sp-block-n
            sp-block-n
        ]
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-12

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 4
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 4
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-4x2-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-13

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 4
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 4
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-4x2-2
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-14

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 5
        height = 5
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 5
                h = 5
                image = custom-obj-5x5-1
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-15

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 5
        height = 5
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 5
                h = 5
                image = custom-obj-5x5-2
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-16

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 5
        height = 5
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 5
                h = 5
                image = custom-obj-5x5-3
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-17

--------

class = content.active.Active
name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
components = [
    {
        class = content.components.SpriteWithBlocksComponent
        width = 4
        height = 2
        images = [
            {
                x = 0
                y = 0
                w = 4
                h = 2
                image = custom-obj-4x2-3
            }
        ]
        underlying-block = sp-block
        blocks-layer = 1
    }
    {
        class = content.components.ClientSpriteBlockComponent
        tag = client
    }
    {
        class = content.components.CategoryComponent
        name = CUSTOM_OBJECT
        icon = icon-custom-object
    }
]
id = sp-object-18
